[Cloud] New commands interface (#5395)
centreon/centreon-documentation: cloud/monitoring/basic-objects/commands.md

      * Any option you want to pass to the plugin in this [mode](../../resources/glossary.md#mode). For Centreon plugins, refer to the documentation of the plugin in the [Monitoring Connectors](/pp/integrations/plugin-packs/getting-started/introduction) section. Examples: `--community=public`, `--warning=1`, `--verbose`...
      * Instead of hardcoding an option value, you can use [macros](macros.md) (host macros or service macros) to make your command more generic, but it is not compulsory. The macros's name will appear in the configuration form for the host or service so that you can give it a specific value for each host or service you use it with. You can use [**Standard macros**](./macros.md#standard-macros), or create you own [custom macros](./macros.md#custom-macros). Exampls: `--hostname='$HOSTADDRESS$'`, `--warning='$_SERVICEWARNING$'`, `--community='$_HOSTSNMPCOMMUNITY$'`...

   * **Enable shell syntax**: check this box if your command uses shell functions (pipes, redirects, wildcards...). Note that commands requiring the shell slow down the monitoring server.

>    * **Optimization connectors**: use the **[Perl Connector](#perl-connector)** or the **[SSH Connector](#ssh-connector)** to reduce the consumption of resources of the plugin. The Perl connector can be used with all commands except **check_icmp** and **check_nrpe**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   * **Optimization connectors**: use the **[Perl Connector](#perl-connector)** or the **[SSH Connector](#ssh-connector)** to reduce the consumption of resources of the plugin. The Perl connector can be used with all commands provided by Centreon except **check_icmp** and **check_nrpe**.
```

>    * **Optimization connectors**: use the **[Perl Connector](#perl-connector)** or the **[SSH Connector](#ssh-connector)** to reduce the consumption of resources of the plugin. The Perl connector can be used with all commands provided by Centreon except **check_icmp** and **check_nrpe**.

Author: ```suggestion
   * **Optimization connectors**: use the **[Perl Connector](#perl-connector)** or the **[SSH Connector](#ssh-connector)** to reduce the consumption of resources of the plugin. The Perl connector can be used with all commands provided by Centreon that use Perl plugins (.pl). It is not compatible with commands that use **check_icmp** and **check_nrpe**.
```
